  As for the Lab3 assignmenr, I worked primarily with Junjie Cai. The Lab3 instruction was quite clear and there wasn't much difficulty doing so. Though I found out that the line 461 code wasn't working so I opt for line 462 code and it worked. They differ by slight syntax. Another instance that I want to point out in the course of completing Lab3 is that I did that three times. On the first try, when I delete the test.csv, the whole folder of Lab3 disappeared, in which I have no means to reach the 'history' of the folder. In the second try, I created the csv file under the folder of Lab3, which is under the folder of HW3. I then realized that I am not supposed to do so since I am not instructed to do so. So in the first try I created an extra file in the folder Lab3 so that when I delete the test.csv the whole folder doesn't go away and I could be able to complete step 5, which is to assess the 'history' again. I hope this multiple attempts on Lab3 does not affect the grade. 
  I especially struggled in Assignment 3 (mostly) and 4 for every single step, since there are just not any instructions provided. I completed the bulk of the code on ipython notebook and created a new python file and moved the code over when I finished. Junjie Cai helped me a lot thoughout the process as he finished it earlier than I did. However, I did not look at his codes nor he gave me any codes but only offered me minor help in terms of particular debugging issues. I did get the general and overall pictures right, in terms of step by step of finishing the assignment.